                       BETA SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT

THIS BETA SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT (THIS “AGREEMENT”) IS BETWEEN CLOUDERA, INC.
(“CLOUDERA”) AND YOU. IF YOU ARE ENTERING INTO THIS AGREEMENT ON BEHALF OF A
COMPANY OR OTHER ENTITY, YOU REPRESENT THAT YOU ARE THE EMPLOYEE OR AGENT OF
SUCH COMPANY (OR OTHER ENTITY) AND YOU HAVE THE AUTHORITY TO ENTER INTO THIS
AGREEMENT ON BEHALF OF SUCH COMPANY (OR OTHER ENTITY).

BY USING THE ACCOMPANYING SOFTWARE, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT YOU HAVE
READ ALL OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS SET FORTH BELOW, UNDERSTAND ALL OF THE
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT, AGREE TO BE BOUND BY ALL OF THE
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT.

IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO ANY OF THE TERMS OR CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT,
CLOUDERA IS UNWILLING TO LICENSE THE SOFTWARE (AS DEFINED BELOW) TO YOU, AND
YOU MUST DELETE ALL SOFTWARE ACCOMPANYING THIS AGREEMENT IMMEDIATELY.

THE “EFFECTIVE DATE” OF THIS AGREEMENT IS THE DATE UPON WHICH YOU CLICK
RECEIVE THIS AGREEMENT ALONG WITH THE ACCOMPANYING SOFTWARE. FOR THE PURPOSE
OF THIS AGREEMENT, YOU AND, IF APPLICABLE, SUCH COMPANY (OR OTHER ENTITY)
CONSTITUTES “CUSTOMER”.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
1.Definitions.

1.1	“Intellectual Property Rights” means all patents, copyrights, moral
rights, trademarks, trade secrets and any other form of intellectual property
rights recognized in any jurisdiction, including applications and registrations
for any of the foregoing.

1.2	“Software” means the Cloudera Enterprise tools described at
http://www.cloudera.com/products-services/tools/ (and incorporated into this
Agreement by this reference) together with the Third Party Software.

1.3	“Support Services” means the then-current standard support services
outlined at described at www.cloudera.com/support (and incorporated into this
Agreement by this reference).

1.4	“Third Party Software” means certain third party and open source
software as described at www.cloudera.com/thirdpartysoftware (and incorporated
into this Agreement by this reference).

1.5	“Third Party Licenses” means the terms and conditions applicable to the
Third Party Software described at www.cloudera.com/thirdpartysoftware (and
incorporated into this Agreement by this reference).

1.6	“Trial Period” means the 90 day period commencing upon the Effective
Date.

2.License; Delivery; Support Services. Cloudera grants to Customer a
nonexclusive, nontransferable, nonsublicensable, revocable and limited license
to access, use and reproduce the Software solely for Customer’s internal
purposes. The Software may be downloaded from Cloudera’s site at
www.cloudera.com. Cloudera will use commercially reasonable efforts to provide
the Support Services to Customer.

3.License Restrictions. Except as expressly authorized by this Agreement,
Customer may not: (i) modify, translate or create derivative works of the
Software; (ii) decompile or reverse assemble any portion of the Software or
attempt to discover any source code or underlying ideas or algorithms of any
Software; (iii) publicly perform or publicly display any portion of the
Software; (iv) sell, assign, sublicense, rent, lease, loan, provide, distribute
or otherwise transfer all or any portion of the Software; (v) allow the
transfer, transmission, export, or re-export of the Software, or any portion
thereof, in violation of any export control laws or regulations administered by
the U.S. Commerce Department, OFAC, or any other government agency; or (vi)
cause or permit any other party to do any of the foregoing. In addition,
Customer will not remove, alter or obscure any proprietary notices in the
Software, including copyright notices, or permit any other party to do so.

4.Ownership. As between the parties and subject to the grants under this
Agreement, Cloudera owns all right, title and interest in and to the Software
and any and all Intellectual Property Rights embodied therein.

5.Nondisclosure. “Confidential Information” means all information disclosed
(whether in oral, written, or other tangible or intangible form) by Cloudera to
Customer concerning or related to this Agreement or Cloudera (whether before,
on or after the Effective Date) which Customer knows or should know, given the
facts and circumstances surrounding the disclosure of the information by
Cloudera, is confidential information of Cloudera. Confidential Information
includes, but is not limited to, the components of the business plans, the
Software (excluding the Third Party Software), inventions, design plans,
financial plans, computer programs, know-how, customer information, strategies
and other similar information. Customer will, during the term of this
Agreement, and thereafter maintain in confidence the Confidential Information
and will not use such Confidential Information except as expressly permitted
herein. Customer will use the same degree of care in protecting the
Confidential Information as Customer uses to protect its own confidential
information from unauthorized use or disclosure, but in no event less than
reasonable care. Confidential Information will be used by Customer solely for
the purpose of carrying out Customer’s obligations under this Agreement.
Confidential Information will not include information that: (i) is in or enters
the public domain without breach of this Agreement through no fault of Customer;
(ii) Customer can reasonably demonstrate was in its possession prior to first
receiving it from Cloudera; (iii) Customer can demonstrate was developed by
Customer independently and without use of or reference to the Confidential
Information; or (iv) Customer receives from a third party without restriction
on disclosure and without breach of a nondisclosure obligation. Notwithstanding
any terms to the contrary in this Agreement, any suggestions, comments or other
feedback provided by Customer to Cloudera with respect to the Software
(collectively, “Feedback”) will constitute Confidential Information. Further,
Cloudera will be free to use, disclose, reproduce, license and otherwise
distribute, and exploit the Feedback provided to it as it sees fit, entirely
without obligation or restriction of any kind on account of Intellectual
Property Rights or otherwise.

6.Disclaimer. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS” OR “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS
WITHOUT ANY REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES, COVENANTS OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND.
CLOUDERA AND ITS SUPPLIERS DO NOT WARRANT THAT THE SOFTWARE WILL BE FREE FROM
BUGS, ERRORS, OR OMISSIONS. CLOUDERA AND ITS SUPPLIERS DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL
WARRANTIES AND REPRESENTATIONS (EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, ORAL OR WRITTEN) WITH
RESPECT TO THE SOFTWARE WHETHER ALLEGED TO ARISE BY OPERATION OF LAW, BY REASON
OF CUSTOM OR USAGE IN THE TRADE, BY COURSE OF DEALING OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING
ANY AND ALL (I) WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, (II) WARRANTIES OF FITNESS OR
SUITABILITY FOR ANY PURPOSE (WHETHER OR NOT CLOUDERA KNOWS, HAS REASON TO KNOW,
HAS BEEN ADVISED, OR IS OTHERWISE AWARE OF ANY SUCH PURPOSE), AND (C)
WARRANTIES OF NONINFRINGEMENT OR CONDITION OF TITLE. CUSTOMER ACKNOWLEDGES
AND AGREES THAT CUSTOMER HAS RELIED ON NO WARRANTIES.

7.Limitation of Liability. EXCEPT FOR ANY ACTS OF FRAUD, GROSS NEGLIGENCE, OR
WILLFUL MISCONDUCT, IN NO EVENT WILL: (I) CLOUDERA BE LIABLE TO CUSTOMER OR
ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY LOSS OF PROFITS, LOSS OF USE, LOSS OF REVENUE, LOSS
OF GOODWILL, ANY INTERRUPTION OF BUSINESS, OR FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL,
INCIDENTAL, EXEMPLARY, PUNITIVE OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND ARISING
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR THE SOFTWARE, REGARDLESS OF
THE FORM OF ACTION, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE,
EVEN IF CLOUDERA HAS BEEN ADVISED OR IS OTHERWISE AWARE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF
SUCH DAMAGES; AND (II) CLOUDERA’s TOTAL LIABILITY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED
TO THIS AGREEMENT EXCEED THE aggregate of the amounts paid or payable by
customer to CLOUDERA, if any, UNDER THIS AGREEMENT. MULTIPLE CLAIMS WILL NOT
EXPAND THIS LIMITATION.

8.Third Party Suppliers. Notwithstanding any terms to the contrary in this
Agreement, Customer acknowledges and agrees that Customer's use, reproduction,
modification and creation of derivative works of the Third Party Software is
subject to and governed by the applicable Third Party Licenses.

9.Termination. Unless terminated as set forth herein, the term of this
Agreement will be for the Trial Period. In the event of a breach of Sections
2, 3 or 5, Cloudera may immediately terminate this Agreement. On or before the
expiration of the Trial Period, Customer may opt to enter into Cloudera’s
standard subscription agreement. Upon the expiration or termination of this
Agreement: (i) all rights granted to Customer under this Agreement will
immediately cease; and (ii) Customer will promptly provide Cloudera with all
Confidential Information then in its possession or destroy all copies of such
Confidential Information, at Cloudera’s sole discretion and direction;
provided, however, that if Customer enters into Cloudera’s standard
subscription agreement, Customer does not have to return the Software. In
addition to all definitions and this sentence, the following Sections will
survive any termination or expiration of this Agreement: 3, 4, 5, 6, 7 and 10.

10.Miscellaneous.  This Agreement together with any exhibits attached hereto,
are the entire agreement of the parties regarding the subject matter hereof,
superseding all other agreements between them, whether oral or written,
regarding the subject matter hereof. This Agreement will be governed by and
construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California applicable
to agreements made and to be entirely performed within the State of California,
without resort to its conflict of law provisions. The parties agree that any
action at law or in equity arising out of or relating to this Agreement will
be filed only in the state and federal courts located in San Mateo County,
California. The parties hereby irrevocably and unconditionally consent and
submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts over any suit, action or
proceeding arising out of this Agreement. Neither this Agreement nor any right
or duty under this Agreement may be transferred, assigned or delegated by
Customer, by operation of law or otherwise, without the prior written consent
of Cloudera, and any attempted transfer, assignment or delegation without such
consent will be void and without effect. Cloudera may freely transfer, assign
or delegate this Agreement or its rights and duties under this Agreement.
Subject to the foregoing, this Agreement will be binding upon and will inure to
the benefit of the parties and their respective representatives, heirs,
administrators, successors and permitted assigns. If any provision of this
Agreement is invalid, illegal, or incapable of being enforced by any rule of
law or public policy, all other provisions of this Agreement will nonetheless
remain in full force and effect so long as the economic or legal substance of
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement is not affected in any manner
adverse to any party. Upon such determination that any provision is invalid,
illegal, or incapable of being enforced, the parties will negotiate in good
faith to modify this Agreement so as to effect the original intent of the
parties as closely as possible in an acceptable manner to the end that the
transactions contemplated hereby are fulfilled. Notwithstanding any terms to
the contrary in this Agreement, Cloudera may choose to electronically deliver
all communications with Customer, which may include email to Customer’s email
address indicated in Customer’s communications with Cloudera. Cloudera’s
electronic communications to Customer may transmit or convey information about
action taken on Customer’s request, portions of Customer’s request that may be
incomplete or require additional explanation, any notices required under
applicable law and any other notices. Customer agrees to do business
electronically with Cloudera, and to receive electronically all current and
future notices, disclosures, communications and information, and that the
aforementioned provided electronically satisfies any legal requirement that
such communications be in writing. An electronic notice will be deemed to have
been received the day of receipt as evidenced by such email.

